2016 Election
- During the 2016 presidential race between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, Russian hackers compromised a US computer.
The attack started by Russian hackers compromising a U.S computer, transmitting information back to Russia, sending Hillary Clinton's campaign chairman, John Podesta, a phishing email (the emailed claimed to be from Google), and then creating spear-phishing emails to more than thirty Clinton staffers.
The vulnerability was discovered by first the FBI.
The FBI communicated to the Democratic National Committee's help desk that Russian hackers compromised a U.S. computer in September 2015, but the IT department did not find anything in the system for this to be true. After, in November 2015, the FBI informed the Democratic National Committee that a computer was transmitting information back to Russia. After this, on March 19, 2016, John Podesta received a phishing email that claimed to be from Google. Even though Podesta communicated this to the IT department, the IT department accidentally said that the email was fine. This mistake caused Podesta to follow the commands listed within that email and allow hackers to access his emails. This event, in turn, sent spear-phishing emails to several Clinton staffers. Through these mistakes being made, the attackers were able to exploit the vulnerability by stealing thousands of emails from the Democratic National committee's server. The hackers published cell phone numbers and personal email  addresses of very important people, such as, Nancy Pelosi and members of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. During October and November 2016, the hackers published more than 58,000 messages from Podesta's account. These messages included very important information regarding the election. I believe that there were security measures that could haven been taken in order to prevent this attack. The security measures were already put into place; however, there were just a lot of mistakes made from those that work within the security measures. For example, the FBI has a department in charge of looking over technology breaches. Clinton also has an IT department that over looks phishing emails. There were already security measures in place; the staffers within these departments just made too many mistakes that caused these unfortunate events to occur.

Ukraine Ransomware
-The title of this article is, "Tax software blamed for cyber-attack spread." The type of attack that this was involved a piece of Ukrainian tax-filing software, called MEDoc, that infiltrated networks via email attachments that users click on in error. As stated in the article, this articled involved "a global cyber-attack that affected companies around the world may have started via corrupted updates on a piece of accountancy software." This cyber attack attacked people around the world by affecting very important companies, such as, banks in Ukraine, Russian oil giant Rosneft, British advertising company WPP, and the United States law firm DLA Piper. Microsoft described this type of hacking event as a "recent dangerous trend." The attackers were able to exploit the vulnerability by having the software's automatic update system make the user download the update; however, once an update was completed, the computer actually downloaded malware rather than updates for the software. This infection was taken place for Windows machines only. As stated in the article, "according to anti-virus vendor ESET, 80% of all infections were in Ukraine, with Germany second hardest hit with about 9%." The attackers were able to exploit the vulnerability through a Windows vulnerability called the External Blue. As defined in the article, the External Blue is, "an exploit thought to have been developed by US cyberspies, which takes advantage of a weakness in a protocol used to let computers and other equipment talk to each other, known as the Server Message Block (SMB)." The External Blue was discovered by the National Security Agency; in which, they found by it being leaked online. Once it was leaked online, it started to become used by criminal and political hackers. Within the article, it does not describe whether there were security measures that could have been taken in order to prevent this attack.